Baron thank you
If it weren't for you
My kidney got it wrong.
At that time, the doctor could do a kidney transplant normally
Surgical
But ended the surgery after answering the phone
Nail order
Oh.
You have been me since I was a child
What do you mean?
Why is your jade pendant exactly the same as mine?
This is the heart of the doll we ordered when we were young.
A joke between the elderly
Are you serious?
It turns out that Mrs. Li and Grandpa
It really decided for me and Li Nan
Doll dear, got it.
sister
Will you marry me?
Give me my child has
Dr. Lin married Mr. Li
Mommy, you married Dr. Dandan Tiyue
The baron will make you happy
I promise you.
years
Thank you for what
Thank you for marrying me.
They gave birth to such cute 5 babies for me
I Love You
I love you too.